README.md, before:

# LangGraph Streamlit UI with Persistent Memory

A full-featured Streamlit chat application powered by LangGraph with persistent memory capabilities and user authentication.

![Chat Interface](/img/1.png)
![Chat Interface](/img/2.png)

## Overview

This is a general-purpose Streamlit chat interface for serving LangGraph agents with advanced memory management. The graph architecture can be easily modified or replaced with your custom implementation, making it perfect for testing or providing chat services.

## Features

### 🧠 **Dual-Layer Memory System**
1. **Thread-level Memory**: Persistent conversation memory using SQLite as checkpointer
2. **User-level Memory**: Cross-thread persistent memory using [SqliteVecStore](https://github.com/aminghrz/langmem-sqlite-vec) for vector storage

### 💾 **Zero-Setup Persistence**
- No external database setup required
- Creates a single SQLite database for both checkpointer and vector store
- Automatic database initialization

### 🔄 **Smart Context Management**
- Generates conversation summaries after 3 rounds (based on 10 previous messages)
- Reduces token consumption in long threads while maintaining context
- Summary stored in checkpointer for persistence

### 🔐 **User Management**
- Built-in authentication system
- User-specific thread access
- Secure session management

### 💬 **Thread Management**
- Multiple conversation threads per user
- Thread selection and creation interface
- Complete message history preservation

### ⚡ **Real-time Updates**
- Live memory updates (both checkpointer and vector store)
- Streaming responses
- Dynamic UI updates

## Architecture

The application uses a LangGraph workflow with the following components:

- **ReAct Agent**: Handles conversation logic with memory tools
- **Memory Tools**: Powered by langmem for storing and retrieving user memories
- **Summarization Node**: Automatically creates conversation summaries
- **SQLite Persistence**: Dual storage for checkpoints and vector embeddings

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/aminghrz/langgraph_streamlit_UI.git
cd langgraph_streamlit_UI
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

3. Set up your OpenAI API key:
```bash
export OPENAI_API_KEY="your-api-key-here"
```

4. Run the application:
```bash
streamlit run app.py
```

## Configuration

### Authentication Setup
The current implementation includes hardcoded credentials for demonstration. For production use:

1. Create a `config.yaml` file:
```yaml
credentials:
  usernames:
    your_username:
      email: your_email@example.com
      first_name: Your
      last_name: Name
      password: your_hashed_password
      roles: [admin, editor, viewer]
cookie:
  expiry_days: 30
  key: your_secret_key
  name: your_cookie_name
```

2. Update the authentication section to load from the YAML file.

### Graph Customization
The LangGraph workflow can be easily modified in the graph definition section. Key components:

- `call_model()`: Main conversation handler
- `summarize_conversation()`: Summary generation logic
- `should_continue()`: Conditional logic for triggering summarization

## Usage

1. **Login**: Use the sidebar authentication
2. **Create Thread**: Click "➕ New Thread" to start a new conversation
3. **Switch Threads**: Select from existing threads in the dropdown
4. **Chat**: Type messages in the chat input
5. **View Summary**: Expand the conversation summary when available

## Dependencies

- `streamlit`: Web interface
- `langgraph`: Graph-based agent framework
- `langchain-openai`: OpenAI integration
- `langmem`: Memory management tools
- `streamlit-authenticator`: User authentication
- `sqlite-vec`: Vector storage (via SqliteVecStore)

## ⚠️ Important Warnings

### Security
- **Move authentication credentials to a secure YAML file** - The current hardcoded credentials are for demonstration only
- Use proper password hashing in production
- Implement proper session management

### Scalability
- **This is not production-ready for heavy loads**
- For production deployments, consider:
  - PostgreSQL instead of SQLite for the checkpointer
  - pgvector for vector storage
  - Proper connection pooling
  - Load balancing
  - Error handling and logging

### Performance
- Monitor token usage with long conversations
- Consider adjusting summary triggers based on your use case
- Implement rate limiting for production use

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Add tests if applicable
5. Submit a pull request

Commit message:

Update README.md add User API Key & Endpoint Management

README.md, after:

# LangGraph Streamlit UI with Persistent Memory

A full-featured Streamlit chat application powered by LangGraph with persistent memory capabilities and user authentication.

![Chat Interface](/img/1.png)
![Chat Interface](/img/2.png)

## Overview

This is a general-purpose Streamlit chat interface for serving LangGraph agents with advanced memory management. The graph architecture can be easily modified or replaced with your custom implementation, making it perfect for testing or providing chat services.

## Features

### 🧠 **Dual-Layer Memory System**
1. **Thread-level Memory**: Persistent conversation memory using SQLite as checkpointer
2. **User-level Memory**: Cross-thread persistent memory using [SqliteVecStore](https://github.com/aminghrz/langmem-sqlite-vec) for vector storage

### 💾 **Zero-Setup Persistence**
- No external database setup required
- Creates a single SQLite database for both checkpointer and vector store
- Automatic database initialization

### 🔄 **Smart Context Management**
- Generates conversation summaries after 3 rounds (based on 10 previous messages)
- Reduces token consumption in long threads while maintaining context
- Summary stored in checkpointer for persistence

### 🔐 **User Management**
- Built-in authentication system
- User-specific thread access
- Secure session management

### 💬 **Thread Management**
- Multiple conversation threads per user
- Thread selection and creation interface
- Complete message history preservation

### ⚡ **Real-time Updates**
- Live memory updates (both checkpointer and vector store)
- Streaming responses
- Dynamic UI updates

### 🔑 **User API Key & Endpoint Management**
- Each user can securely enter their own API key and Base URL for any OpenAI-compatible provider
- Credentials are stored only once per user in the same SQLite database as the store and checkpointer
- Enables flexible use of different LLM providers per user


## Architecture

The application uses a LangGraph workflow with the following components:

- **ReAct Agent**: Handles conversation logic with memory tools
- **Memory Tools**: Powered by langmem for storing and retrieving user memories
- **Summarization Node**: Automatically creates conversation summaries
- **SQLite Persistence**: Dual storage for checkpoints and vector embeddings

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/aminghrz/langgraph_streamlit_UI.git
cd langgraph_streamlit_UI
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

3. Set up your OpenAI API key:
```bash
export OPENAI_API_KEY="your-api-key-here"
```

4. Run the application:
```bash
streamlit run app.py
```

## Configuration

### Authentication Setup
The current implementation includes hardcoded credentials for demonstration. For production use:

1. Create a `config.yaml` file:
```yaml
credentials:
  usernames:
    your_username:
      email: your_email@example.com
      first_name: Your
      last_name: Name
      password: your_hashed_password
      roles: [admin, editor, viewer]
cookie:
  expiry_days: 30
  key: your_secret_key
  name: your_cookie_name
```

2. Update the authentication section to load from the YAML file.

### Graph Customization
The LangGraph workflow can be easily modified in the graph definition section. Key components:

- `call_model()`: Main conversation handler
- `summarize_conversation()`: Summary generation logic
- `should_continue()`: Conditional logic for triggering summarization

## Usage

1. **Login**: Use the sidebar authentication
2. **Create Thread**: Click "➕ New Thread" to start a new conversation
3. **Switch Threads**: Select from existing threads in the dropdown
4. **Chat**: Type messages in the chat input
5. **View Summary**: Expand the conversation summary when available

## Dependencies

- `streamlit`: Web interface
- `langgraph`: Graph-based agent framework
- `langchain-openai`: OpenAI integration
- `langmem`: Memory management tools
- `streamlit-authenticator`: User authentication
- `sqlite-vec`: Vector storage (via SqliteVecStore)

## ⚠️ Important Warnings

### Security
- **Move authentication credentials to a secure YAML file** - The current hardcoded credentials are for demonstration only
- Use proper password hashing in production
- Implement proper session management

### Scalability
- **This is not production-ready for heavy loads**
- For production deployments, consider:
  - PostgreSQL instead of SQLite for the checkpointer
  - pgvector for vector storage
  - Proper connection pooling
  - Load balancing
  - Error handling and logging

### Performance
- Monitor token usage with long conversations
- Consider adjusting summary triggers based on your use case
- Implement rate limiting for production use

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Add tests if applicable
5. Submit a pull request
